c:\users\daniel.wu2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyAuth\MyAuth\bin\MyAuth.dll.config
c:\users\daniel.wu2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyAuth\MyAuth\bin\MyAuth.dll
c:\users\daniel.wu2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyAuth\MyAuth\bin\MyAuth.pdb
c:\users\daniel.wu2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyAuth\MyAuth\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\daniel.wu2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyAuth\MyAuth\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\daniel.wu2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyAuth\MyAuth\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\daniel.wu2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyAuth\MyAuth\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\daniel.wu2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyAuth\MyAuth\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\daniel.wu2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyAuth\MyAuth\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\daniel.wu2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyAuth\MyAuth\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\daniel.wu2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyAuth\MyAuth\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\daniel.wu2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyAuth\MyAuth\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\daniel.wu2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyAuth\MyAuth\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\daniel.wu2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyAuth\MyAuth\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\daniel.wu2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyAuth\MyAuth\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\daniel.wu2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyAuth\MyAuth\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\daniel.wu2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyAuth\MyAuth\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\daniel.wu2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyAuth\MyAuth\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\daniel.wu2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyAuth\MyAuth\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\daniel.wu2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyAuth\MyAuth\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\daniel.wu2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyAuth\MyAuth\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\daniel.wu2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyAuth\MyAuth\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\daniel.wu2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyAuth\MyAuth\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\daniel.wu2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyAuth\MyAuth\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\daniel.wu2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyAuth\MyAuth\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\daniel.wu2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyAuth\MyAuth\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\daniel.wu2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyAuth\MyAuth\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\daniel.wu2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyAuth\MyAuth\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\daniel.wu2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyAuth\MyAuth\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\daniel.wu2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyAuth\MyAuth\obj\Debug\MyAuth.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\daniel.wu2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyAuth\MyAuth\obj\Debug\MyAuth.dll
c:\users\daniel.wu2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyAuth\MyAuth\obj\Debug\MyAuth.pdb
c:\users\daniel.wu2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyAuth\MyAuth\bin\JWT.dll
c:\users\daniel.wu2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyAuth\MyAuth\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\daniel.wu2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyAuth\MyAuth\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\daniel.wu2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyAuth\MyAuth\bin\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\daniel.wu2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyAuth\MyAuth\bin\mysql.data.entity.EF6.dll
c:\users\daniel.wu2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyAuth\MyAuth\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\daniel.wu2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyAuth\MyAuth\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\daniel.wu2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyAuth\MyAuth\obj\Debug\MyAuth.Migrations.initDb.resources
c:\users\daniel.wu2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyAuth\MyAuth\obj\Debug\MyAuth.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\daniel.wu2\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyAuth\MyAuth\obj\Debug\MyAuth.Migrations.addpasswordfiled.resources
